Privacy Policy

This software refers to the Ink Canvas Drawing Board software (hereinafter referred to as "this software").

This software values user privacy. It respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all users utilizing its services. To provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.

Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, without obtaining your prior consent, this software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties. This software may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Service Use Agreement of this software at the time of consent, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Service Use Agreement of this software.

1. Scope of application
a) The information data related to what you have posted on this software, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information, and evaluation details;
b) Acts that violate legal provisions or the rules of this software and the measures that this software has taken against you.

2. Information usage
a) This software will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third parties unless you have given your prior permission, or the third party and this software (including affiliated companies) provide you with services either separately or jointly, and they will be prohibited from accessing all such material that they were previously able to access once their services have concluded.
b) This software also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information for free by any means. If any user of this software platform engages in the above activities, upon discovery, this software reserves the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with that user.
c) For the purpose of serving users, this software may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with partners of this software so they may send you information about their products and services (with your prior consent).

3. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, this software will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal requirements:
a) With your prior consent, disclose to a third party;
b) Share with third parties necessary to provide the products and services you request;
c) According to the relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies, disclose to third parties or administrative, judicial bodies;
d) If you violate relevant laws and regulations of China or the service agreement or related rules of this software, it may need to be disclosed to third parties;
e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have initiated a complaint, disclose to the complained party at the request of the complained party to facilitate the handling of possible rights disputes;
f) In a transaction created on this software platform, if either party to the transaction has fulfilled or partially fulfilled the transaction obligations and requested information disclosure, this software has the right to decide to provide the necessary contact information to that party to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of disputes;
g) Other disclosures that this software deems appropriate in accordance with the law, regulations, or website policy.

4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected about you by this software will be stored on the servers of this software and/or its affiliated companies, and these information and materials may be transmitted outside the country or region where you are located, or where this software collects the information and materials, and may be accessed, stored, and displayed abroad.

5. Use of Cookies
a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this software will set or access cookies on your computer.
b) You have the right to choose whether to accept or refuse cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings, but if you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or features of this software that rely on cookies.
c) Any information obtained through the cookies set by this software will apply to this policy.

6. Information security
a) This software's accounts have security protection features; please keep your username and password information secure. This software will take security measures, such as encrypting user passwords, to ensure that your information is not lost, misused, or altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
b) When using the online services of this software to carry out transactions, you will inevitably need to disclose your personal information to the transaction partner or potential transaction partners, such as contact details or postal addresses. Please protect your own personal information properly, and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your software username and password have been compromised, please immediately contact this software's customer service so that we can take appropriate measures.

7. Translation Discrepancy
When there are discrepancies between this text and its Chinese version, the Chinese version shall prevail.
